.\"
.\"     Title: httpdtap
.\"    Author: Jan Kaluza <jkaluza@redhat.com>
.\"  Language: English
.\"      Date: 2013-09-10
.\"
.TH httpdtap 8  "September 10, 2013" "Version 0.2" "httpdtap Manual"
.SH NAME
httpdtap \- Utility for querying httpd using SystemTap scripts.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B httpdtap
<command> [[stap_argument], ...] [[arg], ...]
.sp
.B httpdtap
help <command>
.sp
.B httpdtap
--version
.SH DESCRIPTION
The purpose of the \fBhttpdtap\fR utility is to query running httpd process
to get various debugging or performance related data from it.
.sp
Examples of such data could be the list of files accessed during a request,
time needed to dispatch a request, the list of requests slower than N
milliseconds or the list of requests sent from particular IP address.
.sp
Thanks to SystemTap the performance penalty is very low and therefore
the \fBhttpdtap\fR can be used even on production systems.
.SH ACTIONS
.sp
Without any argument passed to \fBhttpdtap\fR, \fBhttpdtap\fR shows the help
message and the list of available commands.
.sp
\fB<command> [[stap_argument], ...] [[arg], ...]\fR
.RS 4
Executes \fBhttpdtap\fR command. List of available commands can be obtained by
executing \fBhttpdtap\fR without any arguments. \fBstap_argument\fR is optional
and is the argument passed to \fBstap\fR command. These arguments are listed in
\fBstap\fP(8) manpage. Usage of argument \fBarg\fR depends on particular commands which is
going to be executed and is documented in \fBhelp <command>\fR output.
.RE
.sp
\fBhelp <command>\fR
.RS 4
Shows help message related to particular \fBhttpdtap\fR command.
.RE
.sp
\fB--version\fR
.RS 4
Shows \fBhttpdtap\fR version.
.RE
.SH AUTHORS
.sp
." template start
.RS 4
.ie n \{\h'-04'\(bu\h'+03'\c
.\}
.el \{.sp -1
.IP \(bu 2.3
.\}
Jan Kaluza <jkaluza@redhat\&.com>
.RE
." template end, and once again template start
.br
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBstap\fP(8)
.sp
For more information, see the httpdtap homepage at http://github.com/hanzz/httpdtap/
